This directory contains routines necessary for running
two coagulation test case simulations and comparison with analytic solutions:

A.  Smoluchowski solution (see Pruppacher and Klett [1978] pgs. 366-367).

   The Smoluchowski solution assumes the following:

   1. Particles are initially only in the first bin.
   2. The coagulation kernel is independent of particle size.

   The numbers densities of particles in bin k (where the
   volume of bin k is k*v(1)) are given as a function of
   a nondimensional time parameter tau.

   To run the Smoluchowski test case, make a symbolic link to the
   routine 'smoluchowski.f' in the /src directory or copy this source
   module to /src and uncomment the call to this routine at the end of
   'init.f'.  To compare the results with the analytic solution, run
   the idl routine 'smol.pro'.  This routine reads in the history file
   model_his.out and plots the numerical and analytic solutions.  The
   results are saved in the postscript file 'smol.ps'.

B.  Seinfeld self-preserving solution (see Seinfeld [Physics and Chemistry of Air
    Pollution, 1986] pgs. 413-415).

   The Seinfeld solution assumes the following:

   1. Particles are distributed in an exponential distribution.
   2. The coagulation kernel is independent of particle size.

   The size distribution retains its exponential form throughout
   the coagulation process.

   To run the Seinfeld86 test case, the routine 'seinfeld86.f' must be
   called at the end of 'init.f'.  As with the smoluchowski.f routine,
   either make a symbolic link to the senfeld86.f routine in /src, or
   copy the file there.  To compare the results with the analytic
   solution, run the idl routine 'seinfeld86.pro'.  This routine reads
   in the history file model_his.out and plots the numerical and
   analytic solutions.  The results are saved in the postscript file
   'seinfeld86.ps'.


This directory also contains sample results for Mrat=1.5 and 2.0.
The size distributions for the Mrat=1.5 case have dips in the second
bin because two particles colliding in the first bin result in a particle
with mass larger than the mass of the second bin.


In summary, the files in this directory include:

smoluchowski.f		fortran code to set up numerical calculation
			for comparison with Smoluchowski solution
smol.pro		idl routine to plot numerical and analytic results
smol.1.5.ps		Postscript file with plots comparing exact
			results with numerical calculations for Mrat=1.5
smol.2.0.ps		Postscript file with results for Mrat=2.0
seinfeld86.f		fortran code to set up numerical calculation
			for comparison with Seinfeld [1986] solution
seinfeld86.pro		idl routine to plot numerical and analytic results
seinfeld86.1.5.ps	Postscript file with plots comparing exact
			results with numerical calculations for Mrat=1.5
seinfeld86.2.0.ps	Postscript file with results for Mrat=2.0
